My services: text-breakdowns, consultations, rules, sample texts

What do I want the website to display:
- Who I am: home.html
    - About David Franco
            With nearly a decade of experience in the dating game, I have gained tremendous insights
        and made every mistake in the book. I have also observed countless relationships myself and picked
        up on patterns. With careful introspection and reflection on my experiences, I have reached
        a level where I am strongly confident in my ability to consult both men and women alike. I strive to be
        100% mature, rational, and unbiased in my content. As I believe there is too much toxic content in
        the dating space. My advice may have a profound impact on people, so I believe it is
        my responsibility to provide the best guidance I can to help people improve their dating 
        lives without fueling resentment or division.
- what the brand is about
            With such a vast amount of content out there in the information age, it is easy to become 
        overwhelmed. What separates myself from other content creators is my ability to separate 
        personal emotions from mature conversations, as well as my 'scientific' approach to dating. Unfortunately,
        most dating content is negative and resentful towards the other side (i.e. men hating on women and vice-versa),
        this channel is unbiased and focused solely on what yields desirable results, irrespective of
        how the message may be percieved by societal norms. Research -> plan -> execute -> reflect -> repeat. This 
        is all about using the scientific method to yield the results we desire in the dating scene.
            This is not a 'pickup' brand. This goes much deeper. In addition to the scientific approach, I 
        believe in applying business principles in my strategies, as, like it or not, dating and business share
        many similarities: positioning, negotiation, value creation, and competition. My brand is all about getting results, 
        as well as positioning oneself above the competition and negotiating well. I am excited to have you here. Welcome aboard.
- My services: services.html
    -text breakdowns, individual consultations, profile guidance
- inquiries: service.html and a form
- proof: samlpe case studies class.html